Make mentions to IDBObjectStore.createIndex() clearer (#23362)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/idbindex/index.md

## Instance properties

- {{domxref("IDBIndex.isAutoLocale")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{ Non-Standard_inline() }} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Returns a boolean value indicating whether the index had a `locale` value of `auto` specified upon its creation (see [`createIndex()`'s parameter `options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#parameters).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a boolean value indicating whether the index had a `locale` value of `auto` specified upon its creation  (see the [`options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#options) parameter to [`IDBObjectStore.createIndex()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex).)
```

- {{domxref("IDBIndex.locale")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{ Non-Standard_inline() }} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Returns the locale of the index (for example `en-US`, or `pl`) if it had a `locale` value specified upon its creation (see [`createIndex()`'s parameter `options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#parameters).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns the locale of the index (for example `en-US`, or `pl`) if it had a `locale` value specified upon its creation (see the [`options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#options) parameter to [`IDBObjectStore.createIndex()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex).)
```
